hello everyone from mega positive cards
review tour alcohol release but was more for
countless new you shook your home
your speakers get off in my physical
voice and so today we will
to review work again
connect the santa fe team to this review
you will see a card called
city ​​of heroes translates city fear
was built on under the guidance of Bogdan
pudov helped fat hands quantum durila
fountain racket assigned to the whole city
fear for the mission to look around
10 minutes at first therefore the fear solution
this i need to drink a couple of adults
diapers and a brick box for this
pass this mission but to sift the review
do not have to write a will
either was not sure that I will survive the card
such a frightening name but in fact us
nehilo so deceived and baths Karina is not
city ​​of fear is an ordinary city although there is
one feature of heartbreak being assassin olya
from in the audience do adwords to new and
other hay vines found in this card
explain violating for besides the absence
there are haystacks there can not be for forest 36
here he is the fear of any assassin well, something I
distracted let's read 100 myself
Santa rossa team about this
card project itself settle in an array
a bit unusual layout
architecture and inmates as bryuvov
balance sheet
are you just for the spite of
high move but you can not hurry to climb
more precisely the pipe itself. you know why
so much ammo payment cleverly one more
the interests themselves are having
ammunition weapons almost throughout
tarkett dinners rooms for giving birth in
room last clothes 3 perform
zombie miner 2 son all over the map
affixed porch suffered buy elephant
hold for sleepy then it runs from
idiotic on player
the kitten is far from the epicenter
battles more safely by screamed at
map
if tricky supplies simple easter eggs
it's like going in the same building
you can not even hardly
but guys raskov garbage one secret of this
map , as if it is softer to say in
overall this is not a city of interrogation decor for
subjective forgive me why people are taller
saw houses consisting of one wall
only for filming
that's it shook it for a movie
called fear satin
okay let's go to the center
pattaya looking for one will talk
words scale map gets 10
points
because even though the building was sawed
they did disguise it perfectly
and on the scale it looked very cool
beauty well here is 10 points despite
subsequent city bummer is not so
liked the narrow in the dark settle
karamba day but alas
the houses were not free no need a man on
the wall but still the map is very realistic
I put 6 points here because I want to
the character looks cool they are not
thought out at least the floor of each building
except for the busy thing in the middle and
finally the game will put me here 10 points
the card is simple therefore on quality
hard but everything is fine
have tried and gets their 10 points and
movie island decor from evil finals and that
the card gets 9 points for you tried
share and you try to put a finger
up and subscribe to the channel
can't get a pipe in there yet
these